for more than two months many
Palestinians in Gaza have been displaced
and are living in dire conditions H
reports from a makeshift camp in De
balah where internally displaced people
including a newborn have taken
shelter today we are in in one of the
refugee camps in the south of the kazal
strip and we're visiting AL jamala
Family the family that fled from alwan
neighborhood
from the northern part of the Kazo strep
where this area is currently being
heavily bombed by the Israeli forces and
the Israeli tanks are also stationed
here is their tents here where they put
their clothes and here is where they
cook they made for themselves a very
small kitchen and a very small house as
they have been internally displaced for
more than two months right now let's go
in and see how Saleem and his family are
currently
living let's talk with s Jamal right now
and ask him about everything he has been
going through since the day he evacuated
from the Norther
[Music]
C can you tell us about your living
circumstances in this
tent
we are living in very difficult
conditions we are lacking the basics we
have an infant and we don't have enough
nutrition for the mother to be able to
provide to the infant so we don't know
what to do we also do not have enough
food the children keep asking for food
the children could be unwell and this
place is not fit for daily
living and have you been affected by the
rain uh
I spent the whole night carrying my
daughter like this to avoid the rain
from all these holes that's why you see
the water life is hard the baby is
congested and at night she keeps us up
this place is not fit for Animals
certainly not fit for a
newborn this is not only Sal J and his
family thousands and hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians who were
internally displaced are living and
going through the same harsh conditions
this is hindari Al
jaaz